Im not doing anything crazy production wise until a prototype is done

art will be done later otherwise im just using dev assets

DEV TRACKER:

- This is sparse until the prototype is ready

1. movement (including terrain)
2. menus
3. combat
	- weapons
	- expansion of unit types
4. enemies
	- bulk of work will be done in combat
5. animations
6. more im thinkin wait up
	
	Future Features for way later that seem easy enough:
		- Swap to different arrow styles for different units or movement types on path preview
		- Blue highlight tiles gently on the path preview

	Things Added so far:
		- Unit class
		- Tiles including basic terrain and highlight tiles for movement/attacking
		- movement/attack range preview for units
		- actually moving the unit with proper logic (not moving into other units or where it already is, etc)
		- Action menu when a unit is done its move with options for attacking, waiting, item use, and cancelling the move.
		- unit classes scriptable object plus implementation for units
		- terrain effects have been introduced to be expanded upon later

	TODO:
		- make promotion class support multiple classes instead of one
		- inventory
BUG TRACKER:

"A bug doesnt exist if its squashed before others see or before you leave your desk, unless it was really funny."
- Vreth

[FIXED] 1. Tiles with units in the sometimes get highlighted in red (intentional but not sporadically)
and the moving unit can move into that tile.
	FIX: 
		The actual movement method allowed the unit to move to ANY highlighted tile, made two methods 
		isMoveableToand isAttackble to differentiate between only blue and red and blue highlights,
		changed the method to only allow units to move to isMoveableTo tiles, since tile highlights 
		semantically will always be enabled when the method is executing.

[FIXED] 2. Tiles with units in them are not being highlighted in red (before team implementation),
has something to do with position of selected unit in relation, and seems to alternate being on and off depending
on whether the selected unit is 1, 2, 3 ... etc spaces away from the unit
	FIX:
		The alg that placed highlight tiles was skipping tiles that were occupied (intentional) but a semantic
		error had it not placing attack tiles either on occupied tiles.

[SUPER EXTREME/FIXED] 3. The path preview on the movement preview sometimes freezes the editor, not nailed down but is seemingly 
connected to movinging the preview into non moveable range. Im guessing its overcounting tiles it doesnt need to.
	FIX:
		Not confirmed but i set the path alg to only pathfind to blue tiles and not red ones, seems to have
		stopped it for now but my intuition tells me its still there somewhere.
		
		Tested with like movement range 10 and still wasnt doing it, still keeping this open just in case.

[FIXED] 4. The selected units tile is red when selected.
	FIX:
		Added exception for a walkable tile if its the origin for placing a red tile, since as of writing
		red tiles are placed on in range tiles that are not walkable.

[FIXED] 5. The physical movement of the unit moves it out of line with the tile, might have something to do with
acceleration.
	FIX:
		Parameter issue, was set to > 0.01 instead of 0 which like, why did i do that.

[FIXED] 6. When cancelling a move with the action menu, the tile the unit was moved to stays red for any subsequent movements
including when deselecting and reselecting the unit AND when selecting a different unit. i have feeling its to do with the
unit manager.
	FIX: 
		Was updating the unit manager wrong. Was telling it to replace the old position with the old position, so the 
		new position was never wiped.

[FIXED] 7. You can click the unit when the action menu is showing (unintentional)
	FIX:
		Added another flag to check if the menu is active when clicking on a unit.